All right, all right, all right, all
right, all right.
Yes!
So the entrance is this way, right?
There.
Iguchi-san.
Iguchi-san, far right.
Just get over there.
This lineup is insane.
We have to open the door.
You want to open it?
How?
Hold hands.
Get in position, get in position.
Too many bald guys.
So many bald guys.
Way too many bald guys.
Yeah, Iguchi-san.
He's the key man.
It's okay, it's okay.
Who is going to open it?
True.
Who is going?
Then Minamikawa should do it, right?
No, no, why?
Why?
You're the tall one.
Your reach is long.
You have the reach, so do it like this.
No, Iguchi-san, your reach looks shorter.
I do not want an Iguchi who looks like Son Goku.
It only opens a little.
Then Takano could do it.
He's small.
Then the small guy should go.
Like this, is this okay? Or...?
Then let me call it.
I am the one going?
That is pointless. You are the long one.
Your arms are long, so get over here.
You have not even touched it yet.
Just tell me what to do.
What?
Just touch it once.
One touch, just one touch.
Please touch it.
Just touch it once, Iguchi-san.
Seriously, seriously.
Just touch it once.
There is nothing there.
It is okay, it is okay.
Not there.
That is the easy part.
Just up to there, just there.
It is not okay at all.
What the hell?
Comrades, comrades.
All right, comrades.
Let us do it, let us do it.
Now, now, now.
I cannot keep up.
We are going to fall apart.
It gets way stronger over time.
It is like showing up late to a drinking
party. Right, right, right.
I still have not caught up.
I just got out of the box.
Right, right, right.
There is a time lag.
We need to do this on reflex.
All right, all right, all right.
Let us go, let us go.
All right.
Please.
Here we go.
Wait, please.
Ow, it hits on the left sometimes.
What does?
Ow, ow.
Ow, ow, ow.
Wait a second.
Do not die for nothing.
What are you doing?
Do not let go.
This is seriously impossible.
That is because you are letting go.
Keep holding it.
Stop that.
Do not let go.
Iguchi-san let go.
Why did you let go?
Hurry, hurry.
Iguchi, hurry up.
Hold on properly.
Stop with the front paws.
Ow, Iguchi-san.
It is okay.
Ow, ow.
All right, all right, all right.
Is it not strong?
Iguchi-san, let us go.
Please.
All right, here we go.
Three.
Two.
One.
Got it, got it, got it, got it.
No, no, no.
We got it, we got it, we got it.
Hold it, hold it, hold it.
Got it, got it.
Three, two, one.
It hit just by reflex.
Iguchi got it.
That is dangerous.
Open it, open it.
What, what, what?
Please, come on.
It is empty.
Why?
We got it already.
Huh? So there are fakes too?
So that is it.
I see.
So it is not that there are three here.
This is rough.
Maybe it is under this?
Let us go to the next one.
Next, next.
Come on, just keep going, keep going.
Let us go.
If you complain, it stores up charge.
Right, oh, that is true.
Better touch it quickly, quick.
All right, all right, all right.
Charge build-up.
He is trying to read the whole
electric-device system. It will store up charge.
It will store up charge.
This is bad, this is bad.
Here we go.
Three.
Two.
One.
Okay.
Try a little harder.
It shut again.
Unbelievable!
Screw this!
It clamps down like crazy.
Yeah, exactly.
Seriously, open up.
Is it really hopeless?
Just forget it.
Huh?
Hey, hey, hey!
No way! Screw this, seriously!
Damn it! It will not open.
It will not open.
No way that is the prize.
No way.
Let us go, let us go, let us go.
Next, next, next.
It will store charge.
Do not learn the charge timing.
Hurry, hurry, hurry.
You are going, right?
Here we go.
Three, two, one, go!
Aah!
Ah!
No good.
One, go!
This hurts again.
It hurts, right?
No, this is...
This is everybody's fault.
Ow.
You okay?
What the hell are you doing?!
Feels like it is getting shorter.
Screw this!
Aah!
The prize made me slip.
Maybe you should leave it open?
Wait a second.
My shoes went flying.
That is subtly creepy.
And it is cold.
Sorry about that just now.
I cannot even do it, but sorry, give me
one more chance. You cannot even do it?
I can do it.
You obviously cannot.
I succeeded two out of three times.
I seriously do not get it.
I cannot stop wanting to try.
You got cocky.
Do not get cocky.
Over here you were all relaxed.
I do not need your commentary anymore.
It is impossible, seriously.
Practice first. Just go fast, fast.
Here we go.
Three, two, one, go!
Aah!
Too fast, too fast!
This time it opened.
Why did you throw it so far?
Why the hell did you throw it so far?
It went too far, this is bad.
It went too far.
You threw it way off.
This is Takano's fault, isn't it?
Hurry up, I am scared.
Because I am scared.
Why did you throw it so far?
I was trying to just knock it out like
this. Where is it?
It is around here now.
No, it went deeper in back.
It is not in the back.
It is around here, closer up front.
Around here.
Not in the back.
Switch once.
Over there, all the way over there.
Twice in a row is asking a lot.
Impossible.
Because you got cocky.
As punishment.
Seriously, that was not cockiness.
Stop talking and go already.
Iguchi-kun, closest one.
The front is best.
If you use speed...
You've got speed.
Seriously, I am begging you.
Worst case, just climb in.
Yeah, get in.
True.
Just get in.
Kick it.
Go in with the mindset of really going in.
Just the mindset.
With the mindset of going all the way in.
All right, let us go.
Takano, just go quick.
Iguchi-san, dive in.
I am fine.
I am fine, I am fine.
Do not get excited.
What the hell?
It hurts too much.
Right now, right now, I am okay.
You can do it?
I can, I can.
I can.
Here I go.
Three, two, one, go!
No, no, no, no, no.
That's pointless.
That doesn't help.
We have to get out.
I'll do it.
Hey!
Takano-kun.
It's there, it's there, it's there.
They told me to just climb in, so I took
that literally. We do not need that.
We have to do it one more time.
Three, two, one.
Open it a little, please, open it.
It is not there.
Why would it be there?
Seriously, why there?
Open it, I got it.
Bring the treasure box out.
I will get it, I will get it.
It just has to come out later.
In slow motion.
It is one step short.
Iguchi-san, here we go.
Okay.
Properly, properly.
Watch carefully.
Three, two, one, go!
Oh!
Oh, thank God, thank God.
Show us the key.
Ah.
Oh!
It is yellow, it is yellow.
It is yellow.
It is yellow!
Yellow acquired!
Got it!
There were three, right?
Yellow!
Let us do this side one more time.
One more time!
Go, go, go, go!
Go!
You do not have to go in like that.
Whoa!
Seriously?!
Nice!
You do not have to go in.
Just get the box out.
So that means there are two left?
Two left.
I see.
We can do this.
Let us look. But does that mean there are
more somewhere?
There has got to be something.
Right?
Let us go.
Okay.
Let us look for it.
But where else is there? Where?
Man...
There is nothing but this.
Man, come on.
I also put my body on the line with that
rolling move.
You should at least say thanks once.
No way. I bailed you out.
I mean, I went in there over and over.
Yeah.
How many shocks did we take over here?
Look at me.
My regular clothes.
No, no, no, no.
The shocks are not the issue.
Look, look.
No, for me it is just...
Look.
True. Just so you know, I am not the one
who changed clothes.
Right, right, right. Those are not even my
replacement underwear.
This reeks so bad, seriously.
Better than that, I guess.
It is already four.
How many hours? How many hours have we
spent in this village?
Whoa!
Huh?
What is this?
Huh? There is something, there is
something, there is something.
What?
We have to get all the way over there.
Whoa, there is, there is, there is.
A key!
And we have to melt this too.
There is a key.
In the middle there?
Where?
Ice?
Is it not ice?
Whoa.
This is rough.
A key, a key.
There is a key inside.
Wait, is that not ice?
Is it frozen in there?
Wait, how do we get all the way over
there? All the way over there.
It is not like we can just go get it.
Ugh.
I hate this.
Is it cold?
Even the stones...
Cold!
That is why...
Can I say something?
What is it? How about making a path with
the shovel and gravel, then breaking it with the pickaxe?
Oh.
The pickaxe?
We cannot use the pickaxe.
I mean...
Why does not one guy just strip naked and
go? Strip naked?
Why?
Fine by me, then.
Minamikawa-san.
Huh?
Now that is a good idea.
That is actually great.
Since you suggested it.
No, that is fastest.
We do not have time, and it will get dark
soon.
Seriously, one person goes, breaks it with
the pickaxe, and brings it back. That is the most efficient. That is true.
Then let us point at who should go.
Yeah, yeah, that works.
Point?
For real?
For real.
Whoa, this is...
Ready, set...
Huh?!
It is overwhelmingly Takano.
Then let us just...
Amazing.
No, no, Iguchi-san, Iguchi-san.
Iguchi-san.
So how many people is that?
Me, me, me, me. Since they still have not
looked me in the eye, they are making me do it.
The studio, the studio, I came from there.
I do not know, I do not know.
I was naked in that prank earlier.
I can do it, I can do it.
It cannot be helped.
I cannot do it.
Just take the pickaxe.
I will buy you dinner.
Seriously, do your best.
Wait, wait, wait.
Wait.
Do your best! Right, they probably think
Kuro-chan can take it.
Go, go, go.
Be careful.
Take the pickaxe.
Go, go, go.
Naked.
Take the pickaxe.
He looks like a psycho killer.
This is bad.
What is this?
It is shallow, shallow, shallow.
You can do it, you can do it.
What is this?
It is okay, it is okay.
Do your best.
What is this?
Go, go, go.
It's shallow, shallow, shallow.
Shallow, shallow.
It's shallow.
You can do it, you can do it.
Wait a second.
He doesn't need to strip anymore.
True.
Sorry, sorry.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
I didn't realize.
Do your best.
So he could get there.
But this is not it.
Go, go, go.
Don't drop it.
Crack it.
Make it crack.
Hold it.
Don't get hurt.
Oh! Oh!
Good! Good!
The pickaxe is handy.
Keep going.
Hurry, hurry.
You can do it!
Good, good, good.
Kuro-chan.
You can do it!
You can do it, Kuro-chan.
It's freezing.
Seriously.
Kuro-chan.
No, good, good, good.
Good, good.
Hang in there!
Good!
Kuro-chan, there.
You can do it.
What is this footage?
Is this okay?
For the world?
It looks like a psychopath destroying
graves. Can this footage really air?
Amazing, good.
More, more, more.
You can do it, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
It went in.
How was it?
That was close.
You okay?
Everyone, film this.
Almost there.
Hang in there!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, nice, nice.
Oh, okay, okay, okay.
Just a little more.
A little more.
One more hit.
No, no, no, no.
Licking it to melt it is fine too.
I'm good at licking.
I'm good at it.
You can do it.
Good.
Just a little more.
We can see it now.
Probably.
Oh! Yes!
Okay, okay, we did it!
Oh!
That scared me.
Kuro-chan got it!
Nice one, Kuro-chan!
We did it!
Nice!
Oh!
Amazing.
Thanks, Kuro-chan.
Well done, Kuro-chan.
Well done.
Nice one, Kuro-chan.
He definitely needed a jacket.
Yeah.
I thought it would hurt.
Honestly, I had no idea.
Red, and then...
Because it was red.
Whoa.
And it got dark too.
Just now...
But in the end, Kuro-chan covered
everything, right? Yeah, exactly.
He did, he did.
He ended up going all around.
Anyway, Kuro-chan has the two keys, so
should he head over there? The door.
Let's go try it.
Let's try it.
Whoa.
Fast travel.
Try inserting one.
Maybe it opens with this.
Best case, two keys are enough.
Any chance it opens with two?
Whoa. It's dark because we're deep in the
mountains now.
Huge.
This is terrifying.
Coming at night really does this.
But what is this?
It looks bigger.
Okay, here we go.
Whoa, let's do it.
Which one first?
Yellow first.
Yellow, yellow.
You probably don't turn it.
You just stick it in?
Come on, come on, come on.
Oh, it went in.
Perfect fit.
Oh!
It went in.
All right, all right, all right.
It won't open.
Okay, next one.
One more.
Blue.
Blue next.
It went in.
Oh, something moved.
Still won't open.
Man.
We really do need red.
Red, huh.
Where is the red one?
There is no red key.
There isn't.
So really, it has to be this writing.
This writing.
No, but look, Iguchi-san, see this?
This is my first time with this too.
Look, look, look.
Maybe it's too dark.
Yeah.
Looks cool.
It looks cool, like Indiana Jones.
Still, it has to be some foreign language.
True.
No idea, right?
So you think what's written here might
tell us where that key is?
Yeah, no idea.
Maybe it's that, though.
In the end, it's got to be some country's
language. Yeah, I think so.
So there must be someone around who can
read it. No way.
No, we don't know that yet.
No, I think that's it.
Huh?
Nishimura-san.
Oh!
The instructor.
Oh, right.
Oh.
What? That guy?
Wait, what nationality is he?
Huh? I don't know his nationality, but the
language he was speaking was English.
English?
Not English. Well, maybe he also speaks
English or something.
Yeah, that too.
Should we go check?
But where is he?
Yeah, he definitely hasn't come out.
We haven't flown out either.
But if we can bring him back to read it...
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
There are a lot of us, after all.
Should we split up?
Yeah, split up.
Into about two teams.
And search?
Right, right, one team toward town and one
toward the village. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
If you find him...
Meet up there.
Wait there?
It's dark.
Dark, dark.
He probably landed around here.
And in weather like this.
Man, everyone's freezing.
The nights are cold out here.
No way.
Huh?
What?!
Why?
Whoa!
So that's what this is.
No way!
Hello.
Are you okay?
The whole time.
Hello.
He couldn't get back.
So after all...
Right, that kind of...
The paraglider.
Instructor?
Yes.
Ohhh!
Are you okay?
I'm cold.
Very cold, very cold.
Cold, cold.
Come on, come on, come on.
Everyone.
Ah!
Cold.
Question, question.
Oh.
Where are you from?
Uh, I am from Israel.
Israel!
Ah, Israel.
There are a lot of them.
There it is, that script.
He can definitely read it.
Amazing.
He noticed.
So he's stuck too.
Unbelievable.
What's your name?
Damian.
Sorry we left you behind.
Sorry.
And I'm getting hungry too.
No, just a bit more.
It's so dark now, this is crazy.
And it's cold.
Freezing.
It's cold.
Are we maybe not finishing today?
We might not finish today.
No, we won't if this turns into a full
search. Come on...
Huh? Around here, there are all kinds of
things...
At first we were looking around here.
We found these padded coats here too.
Right.
But there is nothing now.
Freezing. So they were trying to start a
fire here with wood.
That is what they were doing.
Right, right, right.
You are right, there is some.
There is.
But maybe it has nothing to do with the
key. Uh...
As for the key... Maybe we should just
take it with us and try something.
That might be a good idea too.
Should we take it just in case?
Wood, maybe?
Maybe we use it for something.
Maybe to burn something.
Like some kind of heat-up thing, maybe.
Oh, I see. Yeah, let's take this.
Yeah, you're the junior guy, so carry it.
No key.
Red key.
This.
This one.
Oh.
Me?
You know this?
Hebrew.
Huh?
Hebrew? Hebrew. Hebrew? Yes, yes, I can
read it.
Oh, you can read it.
Oh, country, country.
Okay, okay, okay.
You can read it.
Okay, okay, please.
Listen, listen. Okay.
Listen.
In takhnis et oto niftah.
Leshloshet horei haman'ul,
hadelet tipatach.
Huh?
Uh...
Japanese.
In Japanese, maybe.
Just a little.
Okay, okay, okay.
Can you do Japanese?
Uh, uh, uh.
If you insert the three keys...
That was smooth.
The door...
will open.
His Japanese is really good.
He can do it.
Well, of course he can.
That is what he came here for.
We know that already.
We don't need that.
Huh?
Wait, was that really it?
Yes, it's only that.
That's all?
It's easy, it's easy.
There's only one key left.
Uh, wait a second.
Uh, it won't open.
No good.
I don't have the red key.
Red key.
We don't have it.
Where?
We don't know where the red key is.
Right, we don't know.
I don't know.
Oh!
Ah!
That was just a check.
Cut it out.
We know that already.
Man, that's disappointing. So there was no
hint. I thought there would be at least some hint written there.
So all that was written there were the
rules. I mean, are there not just other keys somewhere?
There is also the truck.
Could we maybe just ram it with the truck?
Huh? Ram it with the truck?
No way this thing even moves.
That is insane.
You're talking like Bruce Willis.
This might be it. Insert the two keys,
then ram it with the truck.
It might actually move.
Just smash the door down.
This has to be it.
Huh?
Try closing it again once.
But that key still won't work.
Takeyama, Takeyama, Takeyama.
It's dangerous, Takeyama.
Yeah, true.
Exactly.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
No way it moves, not this one.
Huh, it moves?
Oh, oh, oh, what?
The engine?
No, no, it won't move.
Oh!
It started, it started, it started.
What?!
Huh?
It moves?
Oh!
Then with this...
Amazing.
This, into the door, into the door...
There's no way.
So do we keep searching, or...
Or do this?
Wait, seriously?
All the way over there?
Even I can tell. At this point we pretty
much have to try breaking out with it.
That's the only thing we're thinking about
now anyway. True, true.
True, true.
No way we can keep this up in the cold.
This thing actually moves.
Crazy.
This can really move?
Turn it more. Okay, cut it, cut the wheel.
That's amazing.
So this wasn't a junk truck after all.
Amazing.
If this works, get in.
You're really trying to ram it with the
truck. Seriously.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Are you out of your mind?
Seriously?
But we have no other lead.
I came back from there.
No key over there.
You're scared, aren't you?
Retreating in the truck.
Right, right.
I hear something.
What?
Did someone come back?
Huh?
What? What?
Huh, huh, huh, huh?
Isn't this too funny?
A car. A savior.
Wait, wait. This is...
It's our savior.
Go for it, go for it.
What?!
Oh!
A truck!
Why?
It's the truck.
That truck.
That's the truck that was over there.
Huh?
Why is that thing moving?
Why?
That beat-up one?
The one by the warehouse?
Amazing.
It really was the thug-mobile.
The one for charging in.
Why?
It moves?
Guest.
Huh?
Whoa, amazing.
What is going on?
We tried moving it on a whim, and it
moved. And it had a key.
Amazing.
Wait, there was a key?
Huh?
And what about over there?
So just the truck?
Not a single one?
Just the truck.
There was no key.
The red key.
Nope.
What?
The key is hopeless now.
Huh?
The car has...
Car has...
Car, car key.
Car key.
So this is the car key?
Car key, car key.
No.
Even I...
It's okay, it's okay.
It's easy.
Damian, cut it out.
Suddenly strict.
Strict.
So basically...
That won't open anymore anyway.
Because we don't have it.
Let's just go for it.
Huh?
With this?
You mean with the truck?
Ram it?
Ram it with this.
Honestly, it might work.
Seriously?
What?
One shot, with this, just... But it's
dangerous, so we need someone who can drive.
True.
Someone who's really good at driving.
Manual, manual.
It's a manual?
A manual is rough.
C-1.
Huh?
Well, I drive all the time.
Okay then, a manual?
I can drive a manual too.
Oh!
C-1, let's go. C-1, ram it.
Seriously?
Wait, we're really doing this?
There's nothing else left.
Ram it.
No way.
We honestly have no idea what's beyond
that door. That's terrifying.
Wait, we're really going?
Just commit.
Just commit and go. If it doesn't open,
this is just a rear-end collision.
Exactly.
What?!
Then shall we do it? All right, all right,
all right, all right.
Please work.
Wait a second.
I need one person in the passenger seat.
Huh?
You don't need a passenger.
Go alone.
No, no, no, one person is better.
Sorry.
No, seriously...
It's tough for me to do this alone.
Why?
It's better with one person.
There's room for one more.
C-1-kun, choose.
Can I choose?
Huh?
He suddenly took charge.
Who is that?
Okano-san.
Seriously?
Wait a second.
Okano-san.
I really can't do this.
No.
Are you really okay with this?
Seriously?
At least give a reason.
Seriously.
Whoa.
Seriously?
At least give a reason.
This makes no sense.
Stop it.
Whoa, amazing.
You've been loud this whole time.
This is the worst.
Scary, scary, scary.
This is scary, crashing into it.
Close it.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Whoa.
Please.
Seriously.
Here we go, here we go.
Let's smash through it.
All of us.
Final round.
This is wild.
What?
I'm totally fine.
We have to do it.
Seriously?
Amazing.
Whoa.
Do it.
Go, go.
Whoa, scary.
He's getting dragged!
Whoa.
Amazing.
That's a lot of speed.
Seriously.
Whoa.
No way.
Whoa, amazing.
No, he really did it.
Hey, are you serious?
He's getting dragged.
No...
Yeah, he's getting dragged.
Whoa...
Amazing.
Whoa, incredible.
Yeah.
That feels good, doesn't it?
A hero.
That took guts.
It's scary, right?
The people who sent this in...
Amazing.
Let's go home.
Whoa, amazing.
We escaped.
Amazing.
Let's go home.
Man...
Amazing.
Can't believe they really got out with the
truck. Nobody would've thought of that.
No, no, no, no.
Seriously.
No, you'd definitely look for the key.
One more, normally.
You'd never think to leave the key and ram
it with the truck.
They were pushed that far, I guess.
They just wanted out as fast as possible.
At that point, getting out was all that
mattered. Even if it meant breaking the rules.
That was brutal.
Brutal.
We just saw something incredible.
And weirdly, it felt satisfying to watch.
Right?
Somehow.
It was refreshing too.
Yeah, refreshing.
It felt like he broke through something we
couldn't. Yeah.
All right, then.
Shall we do this now?
Let's do it.
It's that one.
Here, first.
So 16 is...
This came up before, right?
Israel.
Israel, right.
Right, right, right.
Israel.
Yeah.
And the last one is...
One more.
Across 15 is: The shape of the key holder
on the red key.
But we never saw it.
Right, we never saw it.
Because we smashed through it.
Right.
Normally, we were supposed to look at the
red key and get some kind of... Yeah.
Right.
...hint from it.
But the red key itself is gone now.
So now we have no hint at all.
No hint.
Right.
The hint is:
three characters ending in "to."
Three characters.
Huh?
Number 8.
Maybe tento, that's all I've got.
Tento.
Boruto.
Oh, boruto.
Wait, maybe boruto is right?
Yeah.
Okay, first, tento, tento.
Tento.
Try it?
Nope.
No good.
It didn't go up.
Let's try boruto.
Boruto.
This might be it.
Yeah.
Huh?
No, it didn't open.
Three characters, ending in "to."
Boruto is three characters.
Yeah.
Kaito.
Kaito, oh.
Kaito, okay.
This could be it.
No, it won't open.
That doesn't work.
Yeah.
Batto, batto.
Batto.
It's batto.
Doesn't batto seem possible?
It does feel like that.
Batto.
No, it won't open.
Huh?
"To," "to"...
Wait, wait, wait.
No, ho... no, wait, this is it.
Wait a second.
This is it, it is, it is.
Oh, right. It's not that complicated.
Yeah, yeah.
The choices are limited.
Very limited.
Probably something like that.
Yeah.
We ended up with no hint at all.
So if those guys had solved it properly,
this never would've happened.
Exactly, exactly. This wasn't even
supposed to be a hard part.
Right, exactly.
Man...
So irritating.
Now I'm getting annoyed.
Yeah, I really am.
What is this?
It's seriously annoying.
Those lousy comedians, seriously.
Seriously, those idiots.
Whoa.
Ah.
Is there one?
Boat.
Oh!
Whoa.
Ah, no?
Ah.
Ha!
Heart!
Ah!
That's definitely it.
Feels right, feels right.
Yeah.
It opened!
Yes!
I'm so happy.
Whoa, it's cold.
Huh?
What is this place?
What?
Wait, where are we?
Huh?
It's the same village as the others.
Ah.
It has to be, right?
Oh, I see.
Oh, so that's it.
Ah, us too.
Oh, I get it now.
Wow.
Whoa, it's freezing.
Freezing.
How are we supposed to get home from here?
It's freezing.
Whoa, it's cold.
So cold.
They're really cruel, making us do this.
Whoa.
No, more importantly, where's the red key?
Where's the red key?
It is buried beneath me.